peta2 mobile
*
PETA Prime | peta2 | PETA Kids

  • Join
  • Sign in

[blank]
[                                             ] [search]

  • Home
  • Features
  • TV
  • Action
  • Blog
  • Issues
  • Living
  • Connect
  • Donate Now
  • Shop
  • Interactive
  • Media Center
  • About PETA

  • BEAUTY AND PERSONAL
  • PARENTING
  • ANIMAL-FRIENDLY FUN
  • FASHION
  • COMPANION ANIMALS
  • HOME AND GARDEN
  • VEGETARIAN LIVING

  • Share
  • [generic-ic]
  • 
  • 
  • 
  • [generic-ic]
  • 
  •  
  • 

In This Section

  • + Animal Ingredients List
  • + Caring Consumer 101
      □ + Submit Your Top Tips!
  • + Pledge to Be Cruelty-Free
  • + Order PETA's Cruelty-Free Shopping Guide
  • + Coupons
  • + 'Be Nice to Bunnies' iPhone App
  • + Search Companies and Products

Living Articles

  • Essential Fall Boots for Every Veganista
  • It's Time to Get Vegucated!
  • Yogurt for Moms = Asthma for Kids?
  • Hospital Gives Cancer Patient Meat After Operation
  • Lots of Love for Shelter Dogs (Photos)

See All Articles >> SUBSCRIBE TO FEED

  • Vegetarian 101
  • Red-Hot Grilling Recipes
  • Vegetarian to Vegan: Making the Switch
  • Vegan Shoe of the Month: Combat Boots
  • Fashion Friday: Gloves!

See All Articles >> SUBSCRIBE TO FEED
See All Articles >> SUBSCRIBE TO FEED
 
Search for Cruelty-Free Companies and Products

  • [Companies That Don't Test on Animals] [Go]
  • [Cruelty-Free Companies by Product Type] [Go]
  • [Companies That Do Test on Animals] [Go]

[342x100-aa]

<< Return to Search

 
Company Details

Company:
    Abercrombie & Fitch

Contact information:
    6301 Fitch Path
    New Albany
    Ohio 43068
    United States
    Phone: 614-283-6500
    www.abercrombie.com

Products:
      □ Fragrance
      □ Personal Care
      □ Fragrance for Men
      □ Fragrance for Women

Availability:
      □ Own Store

Printer-Friendly Lists

Companies That Do Test on Animals
    PDF Format

Companies That Don't Test on Animals
    PDF Format

Frequently Asked Questions

Why are these companies included on the 'Do Test' list?

This section includes both companies that manufacture animal-tested products
and brands that are owned by companies that have not yet adopted a permanent
"no animal testing" policy. Please encourage them to announce a permanent ban.
Listed in parentheses are examples of products manufactured by either the
company listed or, if applicable, its parent company. For a complete listing of
products manufactured by a company on this list, please visit the company's
website or contact the company directly for more information. Companies on this
list may manufacture individual lines of products without animal testing. They
have not, however, eliminated animal testing from their entire line of
cosmetics and household products.

What can be done about animal tests required by law?

Although animal testing of pharmaceuticals and certain chemicals is still
mandated by law, the arguments against using animals in cosmetics testing are
still valid when applied to the pharmaceutical and chemical industries. These
industries are regulated by the Food and Drug Administration and the
Environmental Protection Agency, respectively, and it is the responsibility of
the companies that kill animals in order to bring their products to market to
convince the regulatory agencies that there is a better way to determine
product safety. PETA is actively working on this front by funding development
and validation of non-animal test methods and providing input through our
involvement on government advisory committees at both the national and
international levels. Companies often resist progress and, instead of using
human-relevant non-animal tests, choose to use animal tests because their
results can be manipulated. Please let companies know how you feel about
this—consumers have considerable influence on company policy!

What types of companies are on the 'Don't Test' list?

The list includes cosmetics, personal care, and household cleaning product
companies only. PETA's Caring Consumer Project was founded upon the fact that
no law requires animal testing of these types of products, so manufacturers of
these products have no excuse for animal testing and should be boycotted until
they change to a non-animal-testing policy.

How does a company get on the list?

Companies listed either have signed PETA's statement of assurance or provided a
statement verifying that they do not conduct or commission any animal tests on
ingredients, formulations, or finished products and that they pledge not to do
so in the future. If you represent a company that maintains a cruelty-free
policy, please click here for more information.

How do I know that these companies really don't test on animals?

To a degree, the statement of assurance is a matter of trust. However,
companies are putting their integrity on the line when they respond to
consumers. A company that has publicly announced an end to its animal tests and
states in writing that it doesn't test on animals would face a public relations
disaster (and potential lawsuits) if it were caught testing on animals.
Companies are well aware that consumers are serious about the issue of animal
testing, and they know that it would ruin the public's confidence in their
products if it were discovered that they were being dishonest about their
animal-testing policies.

What about a product whose label says, 'No Animal Testing,' but whose
manufacturing company is not on PETA's 'Don't Test' list?

Labels can be deceiving, so be careful. No specific laws exist regarding
cruelty-free labeling of products, so companies can take liberties. While it is
unlikely that a company would put blatantly false information regarding its
animal testing practices on its products, the statements it does make may not
be fully informative and may indeed mislead consumers. Please refer to PETA's
cruelty-free lists for companies that have met our stringent "no animal
testing" standards.

Many companies that do test on animals have some cruelty-free products, but we
must boycott all the products of such companies in order to pressure them into
stopping all animal tests. If the label on a company's product says that it is
not tested on animals and the company isn't on either of PETA's lists, please
share the company's contact information with PETA so that we can formally
inquire about the company's animal testing policy. Likewise, if you communicate
with a company that claims to be cruelty-free but is not on our list, please
ask for a statement in writing and send a copy of the statement to PETA. We
will communicate with the company to see if it meets all our cruelty-free
criteria. Meanwhile, PETA recommends purchasing products made only by companies
on our "Don't Test" list.

Why do some companies' product labels say, 'No Animal Ingredients,' when, in
fact, they contain beeswax, lanolin, whey, etc.?

Some companies are not educated about or sensitive to the suffering of animals
in the production of certain products that do not involve the actual slaughter
of the animal. PETA attempts to educate these companies, but some have
persisted in inaccurately labeling their products as free of animal ingredients
even though it is a fact that honey, lanolin, etc., are animal products. Our
advice is always to read the entire label before believing such a statement,
and we encourage you to politely voice your complaints to these companies as
well. For our list of "Animal Ingredients and Their Alternatives," please click
here.

How often are PETA's product lists updated?

PETA's "Do Test" and "Don't Test" factsheets are updated daily to reflect
additions (e.g., if we are informed of a new company's policy prohibiting
animal testing), deletions (e.g., if a company that doesn't test on animals is
purchased by an animal testing company or if a company goes out of business),
changes in contact information, etc.

PETA's Cruelty-Free Shopping Guide is updated approximately twice a year.
Companies might have changed their animal testing policies after this edition
was printed. This guide is based on the most current information available at
the time of printing. PETA reserves the right to choose which companies will be
included, based on companies' policies. Inclusion on any list is not an
endorsement by PETA of a company or any of its products. Please contact PETA if
you have any questions about the status of listed companies or if you know the
address of a company that is not listed.

I can't find a particular company on either the "do test" list or the "don't
test" list. What does that mean?

A company may not be found on this Web site because it has a parent company
that tests on animals, because we have no information on its policies, or
because it claims to be cruelty-free but has not yet signed the PETA statement
of assurance (this must be done in order to be listed).

You can inquire with us regarding companies not listed or write to them
directly and ask the following questions as an interested consumer:

  • Does the company test its products, ingredients, or formulations on
    animals?
  • Does it contract with an outside laboratory to conduct animal testing?
  • If it does not use animal tests, does this decision reflect a permanent
    commitment to use only humane alternatives?
  • If the company is cruelty-free, are its administrators familiar with PETA’s
    cruelty-free company program?

If you are assured that the company maintains a cruelty-free policy, please ask
to have this confirmed in writing and forward correspondence and/or responses
to PETA’s Caring Consumer Project. We will contact the company’s
representatives and encourage them to sign the PETA statement of assurance.
Your efforts will not only help PETA’s campaign but, by contacting companies as
a concerned consumer, will also demonstrate to corporations that animal testing
is an urgent issue that affects consumer buying trends.

I heard that PETA added a third category to the database. What is it?

Our third category, Working for Regulatory Change, recognizes companies that
test on animals only when required by law, that are completely transparent with
PETA about what tests on animals they do and why, and are actively working to
promote development and validation of non-animal methods. Read more about this
addition to our Caring Consumer program in this more detailed blog post in the
PETA Files.

General Info: Contact | Contest Terms and Conditions | Disclaimer | Privacy
Policy | Texting Terms and Conditions | Terms of Use | Report Website Abuse

Site Tools: Accessibility | Site Map | Subscribe to E-News | Copyright © 2011
PETA | Read our full policy.

International Sites: [flag_2D00_]   [flag_2D00_]   [flag_2D00_]   [flag_2D00_]
  [flag_2D00_]    | PETA Asia-Pacific | PETA Latino | Animal Rahat

Navigation: Home | Features | TV | Action Center | Blog | Issues | Living |
Community | Shop | Donate | Interactive | Media Center | About PETA

People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals   501 Front St., Norfolk, VA 23510
| 757-622-PETA (7382) | Fax: 757-622-0457 (fax)
